everyone so I'm with Justine AKA JP Mets
and this is my first challenge for the
next contest guess what the theme of the
challenges no not pin up okay okay it's
the 80s so I'm sure you'd guessed that
already I mean as you can see it's denim
jacket I don't know if you can see the
shirt it's a it's like a wolf it's like
wolves and you know pink hot pink
earrings side ponytail and I mean the
makeup is loud let like lat like Rihanna
loud so if you'd like to see how I did
this look then I mean you know it's now
so the first thing I'm going to do is
use my NYX jumbo eye pencil in milk put
the on your waterline highlight I'm just
going to blend that in with my finger
making your eyebrows more 80s like what
I'm going to do now so I'm going to use
this NYX jumbo eye pencil in purple
velvet and I'm going to put that on the
outer corner and increase then I'm going
to take this next I shadow and irises
which is an awesome blue color and I'm
just going to put it over the purple I'm
gonna just smudge that purple liner so
you know in the 80s they went all the
way up to the eyebrow I don't know why
they did that they're like garage doors
um I don't particularly enjoy that so
I'm not going to do that
make it look nice for my flock of
seagulls concert i have later and i
can't wait to see Tiffany tonight I'm
just going to put the purple on the
outside here because I can get one so
next I'm going to take mellow yellow and
I'm just going to put that in the inner
third right under that cut crease and
blend it into the blue I know why
ouching I feel like blends better i
think it's the warmness of my fingers or
something but now there's a little teal
there which is perfectly 80s so I feel
like when they wore bright colors like
this they did not use eyeliner so I
think I'm not gonna use any you know
what I'm going to put this on top of the
cut crease I'm gonna put more white
underneath for blush I'm actually using
this eyeshadow and hot pink great I
don't know they like angles or something
I can't even describe you know I'm
definitely putting this pink and you're
on your temples to I'm going to mix the
pink in with the yellow I don't like the
way the yellow looks so I'm just gonna
change it if I'm a more hot pink yeah
it's like orange now but it's blending
into the hot tank of your blush so for
lips i'm going to use NYX chaos I forgot
mascara I'm going to do that next I'm
going to use this NYX mega shine
lipgloss and pop I'm just going to put
that right in the middle of the bottom
left the mascara I'm using is next pinup
tease they're like mama lashes my camera
died but we just did some mascara as you
can see and that's the final look
actually we're gonna come back in a
second and she's going to be wearing a
beautiful jean jacket so that's it um
this is the look I hope you enjoy it and
I hope I make it to the next level in
the car
and as always if you try out this look
which I mean I hope you do for an 80s
party or something let me know leave a
video response or post pictures on my
facebook or whatever all the links are
below along with her link and my link to
the contest page so you can vote for me
perhaps I mean please okay so that's it
thanks for watching and until next time
I do